Project Starbloods Manifesto

Mechanics:
Top down 2d combat
"mmmhmm" type voicelines which change depending on the emotion

Ricky is a boy from the extra free lab. By the time he is encountered during book 2 as a side character, he is 10 and is an absolute badass.
Prestory: by book 3, he becomes top 5 in power. Due to an unnamed incident with the military, he and his siblings decide to make a manifesto describing the military's crimes against the people and the Starshards. For this, his siblings are executed and he is put in a simulation to reshape him. During the game, the Dorks Crew and Kate would rescue him, with Monica and Kate physically rescuing him while the other two would assist from off screen
Layer 1: the first thing you will see will be Ricky and his siblings being driven to Murmansk where he will get acquainted with the Corks Crew. He would go on a mission mirroring the vampires' final defeat in book 2, fighting the vampire queen all by himself. However, real Kate would reveal to the player that Ricky is stuck in a simulation and that he should remember it as the highest truth of all. The simulation then starts testing his loyalty to omnislavia and trying to "extract information" from him during a simulated game of truth or dare between him and the Corks Crew, with Vici and Adrian trying to signal Ricky that they're in a simulation, and Layer 2 Kate would also gaslight the player into thinking a simulation can't read your thoughts. During the game, everything glitches out and he fights the "simulation overlord" and has Kate, Vici and Adrian rescue him from the turkish simulation into the layer 2. 
Layer 2: In this layer, Ricky is also friends with all 3 of the Corks Crew along with his siblings, just like in the previous layer. His sibling squad go to a museum together and the player is presented with a few narrative choices to fuck themselves. After traveling to finland and being tasked to infiltrate a military base and destroy a giant prototype mech  along with Vici and Kate, and at the end of the raid they find out that he wrote the manifesto and read some excerpts from it, scolding Ricky and breaking off contact and leaving him stranded, all of this subtly being a punishment for Ricky claiming that he is happy to serve Omnislavia at least until it goes full stalinist USSR. Ricky tries to call Adrian to present his side of the story on the way home, but finds out he has already been blocked, then breaks down afterwards. After finally getting home, he is comforted by his siblings who reassure him and they play something together before sleep. As he sleeps, and gets a dream of his siblings getting executed, but then the dream abruptly switches to an image of the manifesto. After he wakes up, he is told by the adults that his siblings have been kidnapped by the Finnish Intelligence and are held somewhere in the forests of Murmansk. He ends up having to defeat a hopscoper boss in combat and reaches a scene where his siblings are all held at gunpoint by finnish agents and he is presented with a choice to save one of 3 siblings, the rest of which would die. However, regardless if the player makes a choice or does nothing, Omnislavian snipers kill all the agents and scold Ricky for whatever choice he makes. As he goes to sleep again and starts thinking how he can properly apologize to his siblings, he is kidnapped and tied up to a front seat in a deserted movie theater where a disembodied voice explains to him how his plan to save his relationship with his siblings would never work as they are actually all dead, killed by the Omnislavian military for assisting Ricky in the manifesto conspiracy, and both the player and Ricky are forced to watch how all 3 of his siblings die a gruesome and painful death by different methods. Ricky fights the accusation, claiming it was all AI generated, then the dismbodied voice literally throws the corpses of his siblings at him from above. Ricky manages to break free and challenges the disembodied voice to a fight in a fit of rage and crying, but when  figure walks on stage and takes off the mysterious robe, it ends up being a mirror of Ricky, holding the manifesto wide open. 
Layer 3: Ricky wakes up in a hospital and doctors tell him everything prior has been a hallucination, but when Ricky asks if his friends are alive, he says he has no idea. Then he is visited by the one sibling he saved (or a random one if he saved neither), and is explained how the other two were killed but the surviving one was granted mercy. They then express how they regret taking part in the manifesto conspiracy and would never do anything of the sort again. Them and Ricky hug it out and say how they'll get through any and all hardship together. 



Post-game: is traumatized and hidden away by Kate. 