Project Starbloods Manifesto

Mechanics:
Top down 2d combat
"mmmhmm" type voicelines which change depending on the emotion

Add a prison break plotline

Ricky is a boy from the extra free lab. By the time he is encountered during book 2 as a side character, he is 10 and is an absolute badass.
Prestory: by book 3, he becomes top 5 in power. Due to an unnamed incident with the military, he and his siblings decide to make a manifesto describing the military's crimes against the people and the Starshards. For this, his siblings are executed and he is put in a simulation to reshape him. During the game, the Dorks Crew and Kate would rescue him, with Monica and Kate physically rescuing him while the other two would assist from off screen
Layer 1: the first thing you will see will be Ricky and his siblings being driven to Murmansk where he will get acquainted with the Corks Crew. In the simulation, he would have the augmentations including bionic eyes which analyze all the data in universe and are responsible for the game UI, and he also has a mechanism which allows him to do steven universe garnet like future vision (which doesn't exist irl and is purely a tool to make ricky not afraid of death). He would go on a mission mirroring the vampires' final defeat in book 2, fighting the vampire queen all by himself. However, real Kate would reveal to the player that Ricky is stuck in a simulation and that he should remember it as the highest truth of all. The simulation then starts testing his loyalty to omnislavia and trying to "extract information" from him during a simulated game of truth or dare between him and the Corks Crew, with Vici and Adrian trying to signal Ricky that they're in a simulation, and Layer 2 Kate would also gaslight the player into thinking a simulation can't read your thoughts. During the game, everything glitches out and he fights the "simulation overlord" and has Kate, Vici and Adrian rescue him from the turkish simulation into the layer 2. 
Layer 2: In this layer, Ricky is also friends with all 3 of the Corks Crew along with his siblings, just like in the previous layer. His sibling squad go to a museum together and the player is presented with a few narrative choices to fuck themselves. After traveling to finland and being tasked to infiltrate a military base and destroy a giant prototype mech  along with Vici and Kate, and at the end of the raid they find out that he wrote the manifesto and read some excerpts from it, scolding Ricky and breaking off contact and leaving him stranded, all of this subtly being a punishment for Ricky claiming that he is happy to serve Omnislavia at least until it goes full stalinist USSR. Ricky tries to call Adrian to present his side of the story on the way home, but finds out he has already been blocked, then breaks down afterwards. After finally getting home, he is comforted by his siblings who reassure him and they play something together before sleep. As he sleeps, and gets a dream of his siblings getting executed, but then the dream abruptly switches to an image of the manifesto. After he wakes up, he is told by the adults that his siblings have been kidnapped by the Finnish Intelligence and are held somewhere in the forests of Murmansk. He ends up having to defeat a supersoldier flamethrower boss in combat and reaches a scene where his siblings are all held at gunpoint by finnish agents and he is presented with a choice to save one of 3 siblings, the rest of which would die. However, regardless if the player makes a choice or does nothing, Omnislavian snipers kill all the agents and scold Ricky for whatever choice he makes. As he goes to sleep again and starts thinking how he can properly apologize to his siblings, he is kidnapped and tied up to a front seat in a deserted movie theater where a disembodied voice explains to him how his plan to save his relationship with his siblings would never work as they are actually all dead, killed by the Omnislavian military for assisting Ricky in the manifesto conspiracy, and both the player and Ricky are forced to watch how all 3 of his siblings die a gruesome and painful death by different methods. Ricky fights the accusation, claiming it was all AI generated, then the dismbodied voice literally throws the corpses of his siblings at him from above. Ricky manages to break free and challenges the disembodied voice to a fight in a fit of rage and crying, but when  figure walks on stage and takes off the mysterious robe, it ends up being a mirror of Ricky, holding the manifesto wide open. 
Layer 3: Ricky wakes up in a hospital and doctors tell him everything prior has been a hallucination, but when Ricky asks if his friends are alive, he says he has no idea. Then he is visited by the one sibling he saved (or a random one if he saved neither), and is explained how the other two were killed but the surviving one was granted mercy. They then express how they regret taking part in the manifesto conspiracy and would never do anything of the sort again. Them and Ricky hug it out and say how they'll get through any and all hardship together. After an epic mission to jump on a train stolen by European Federation agents, Ricky returns home victorious and has a hangout with his remaining friend where it becomes obvious that both of them are severely damaged by the preceding events. When it hits the climax of depression, Ricky tries to kill himself, but his augmentation "reloads the save", and continues doing it several times over. After admitting to the remaining friend about it, the friend suggests trying to call up an AI to suggest a breathing technique, and it calms them down partially. During his sleep (actual sleep), he is visited by an overzealous, overnationalistic superagent version of himself, and the two fight. If real Ricky dies, instead of the cybernetic excuse for resurrection the mirror revives him Omega Flowey style to fight again. After Real Ricky emerges victorious, he promises to himself to never become the shadowy mirror he just fought. The next day shortly after he wakes up, Finnish troops invade Murmansk as revenge for the giant mech Ricky destroyed a while ago. They kidnap the remaining sibling of Ricky as he fights his way through them. Right before reaching the commander of the invaders, Kate locks Ricky into a fight with her, blaming him for the invasion and continuing to gaslight him for the manifesto, and at this point his reactions get more muted. Kate fights Ricky as a hoptrooper and kicks absolute ass before dying and blaming Ricky in her dying breath, with Ricky having a very muted reaction to her death as a former friend. After reaching the remaining sibling, the commander realizes he is surrounded and decides to kill both himself and the sibling, and on their dying breath, the sibling begs Ricky to "never challenge MOL". This causes Ricky to entirely dissociate and he does not react to the death audibly even for a moment. 
Layer 4: After some time passes in what appears like jumps to him, he wakes up from what appears to be a rainbow gas trip in his bed. Instead of giving a single fuck, he immediately asks where to go and what to kill, and receives an answer to go to Turkish frontlines and solo an entire warehouse full of dormant Turkish combat androids. After he returns, the military tell him that he did amazing and it's time for his final exam and sends him to clear out a military base on Svalbard all on his own. After a long journey, he meets Victoria outside near some of the docs. She tries to enthuse him about how excited he must be about the mission, to which Ricky barely reacts, surprising Vici with his anhedonia. Eventually, in the docs she reveals that she will be leading her final interview, and initiate the final bossfight. She will start in the form of an oversized ice golem fighting Adrian old iron king style from the water, then switch to a human sized golem form and fight Adrian mostly melee, and in her final phase she will shed the ice shell and go all in. Vici and the adults congratulate Ricky on starting his journey for redemption and point him to the next mission, all the while real Kate tells him to keep it together just a while longer, which Ricky ignores as further gaslighting. 
Post-game: After he is pulled out of the simulation,he sees Kate and Monica outside his chamber trying to soothe him and telling him that he is now free from being tortured by an Omnislavian simulation and that they finally managed to free him from it. Ricky still thinks he is in a simulation, declares himself to be an eternally loyal servant of the Motherland, says he would rather die than surrender and tries to kill himself again, but this time Kate quickdraws and shoots the weapon out of his hand. The girls then approach him and comfort him, reassuring him this is reality as it's the place where he is allowed to make choices. When he asks if all his suffering and fighting was all for nothing, Monica reassures him that he survived it all and made it to the end and that's why it wasn't for nothing. Over the phone, it's revealed that Vasil and Bezdon are also a part of the operation, and after they escape, Ricky decides to renounce his work as a combatant when given a choice, and the gang find a big city in a city controlled by a british PMC hostile to Omnislavia where he would live under a different name and receive therapy for the horrors he went through. Kate and/or Monica would also start periodically visiting him and chilling together so he doesn't feel too lonely. 